Change some sample disapprove comments to feel less 'stern'. (#1264)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/javascript/general/no_parameter.md

> In order to make the tests pass, you need to change the function `%{function.name}` to require a parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make the tests pass, the function `%{function.name}` needs to be changed to require a parameter.
```
